Hello! Welcome to Adventure on the Chattooga Trail
You will be going on a hike in the woods and have some challenges to overcome!
Have fun!

It is a beautiful day, and you have decided to go for a hike in the woods.
The birds are singing, the sun is shining, and you are having a wonderful time!
Suddenly the path in front of you splits three different ways! You have to 
decide which way to go next.
look:
  to your left: A large tree has fallen across it!
  straight ahead: There is a deep stream running across it.
  to your right: There is a snake lying in the middle of it, basking in the sunlight.
go:
  left:
    You decide to go down the left path.
    You walk up to the tree across the path. The large old sycamore looks like it fell down recently. It had to have been at least 200 years old.
    The trunk is smooth and at least 3 feet across. You see what might be a very faint path to the left that leads away from the main trail further into the dark woods.
      climb:
        You try to climb over the fallen tree, but the trunk is too big and too smooth! You slide back down to the ground.
      go under:
        You try to go underneath the trunk of the tree, but it is too close to the ground. You almost get stuck!
      take new path:
        You follow the faint trail into the dark woods around the top of the fallen tree to the main path on the other side.

  straight:
    You decide to keep going straight ahead.
    The stream is clear and sparkles in the sunlight. The sound of rushing water fills your ears. It looks more than a couple of feet deep. It is about 10 feet wide, 
    and very cold when you stick your hand in the water. You can see the main trail continue on the far side of the stream. A tree branch hangs low over the water.
    Your choices are jump, wade, use branch 
    jump:
      You take a few steps back to give yourself a running start, jump as far as you can...and land in the cold water.) 
      You climb back out of the stream on the side you started on.
    wade:
      You decide to try and wade across the stream. The water is deep and fast and the rocks are slippery.
      You lose your footing, fall in, and climb back out of the stream on the side you started on.
    use branch
      You grab the low hanging branch and use it to pull yourself across the stream. Your feet slip a few times, but 
      the branch keeps you from being swept away. You climb out of the stream on the far side.

  right:
    You decide to go down the right path.
    The snake is in the middle of the path about 10 feet away from you. You try to take a closer look at the snake. You are not sure what kind of snake it is. 
    It is red, brown, and grey and looks about 4 feet long. There is a stick by the side of the path, as well as some rocks. The area around the snake is leafy and flat.
    Your choices are poke snake, go around, throw rocks
    poke snake:
      You pick up the stick, creep closer to the snake, and poke it with the stick to try and make it move.
      It coils aggressively and tries to bite you! (Don't poke snakes with sticks!)
    throw rocks:
      You pick up a few rocks and throw them at the snake, trying to scare it away. You miss, thank goodness,
      because you would have hurt the poor snake if you had hit it. (Not nice to throw rocks at snakes!)
    go around:
      You decide to leave the snake alone and go around it. You leave the path and slowly walk around the snake giving it lots of space. 
      The snake ignores you and continues to sleep in the sun. You meet back up with the main path on the far side of the snake.

  Congratulations! You have successfully overcome the obstacle in your path!
  You feel awesome and continue your hike, seeing lots of birds and trees and animals on your adventure.
  You just earned 1 hiking skill point!
