id: jackie1Solve
title: Out of the city, but not far
'''
It looks like she's left the city, but she didn't go far. Makes sense; someone had to keep
those glamours up, and if she trusted anyone else, it'd be a liability. You catch up with her
at a library. She doesn't remember you, but when you mention who you're working for, she
drags you into an empty reading room and shuts the door.

"Dammit," she starts. "I can't believe Jackie hired another gumshoe to hunt me down. Is he
really that desperate to have me back?"

You lay out the situation. You explain how Jackie seemed to be falling apart. She snorts.

"That wasn't me leaving that did that. That stuff was why I left. Jackie's been on the long
downward slide for years now. Couldn't wrap his thick skull around this new world we all live
in. Magic befuddles him more than if someone just cast some befuddling magic at him."

She purses her lips and concentrates on an empty corner of the room. "It's not the paucity of
jobs I minded, really. Times were always lean. The problem is—" A long pause.

"He got desperate for work. Started taking hit jobs for the mob. I won't be involved in that
kind of work again. He knew that, tried to keep it secret from me, but when I found out, I
knew it had to be over." She sets you with a hard stare. "Don't tell Jackie where I am, Dis.
It's a complication I
don't want to deal with, and really, neither does he. I just want to put that past behind me."

She fishes around in her bag for a moment. "I don't have any info on the Brown
disappearance to offer you, but I know the fuel you operate on. Hunches, right? I'm trying
to get better acquainted with the magical world. I picked this thing up from a travelling
salesman. Helps with detecting hallucinations. If you go back and tell Jackie that you
couldn't find me, it's all yours."
'''
choices: [
  choice 'jackieFinalJackie',
    'Tell Jackie the truth'
    'Honesty is always the best policy, and you need the info on Mr. Brown.'
  choice 'jackieFinalPartner',
    'Take her offer'
    '''
    This is messy and not your responsibility. Plus, that trinket could pay dividends in the
    Brown case and for years to come.
    '''
]
      