
room 1:
    description: i.e. wake up in cave. there's 2 choices, left tunel, right tunnel.
    you have 1 bandages, some matches, rock, and clothes.(create objects of these and add them to inventory.)

    choose left or right

    right: theres a cliff you didn't see it. you fell and broek your legs you have a miserable and slow death.
    ROOM 2
    left: waterfall room: (parse a waterfall)
        options:
        check behind waterfall - locked door
        look at your surroundings - more description of room
        examine corpse - tells you not to drink water
        pick up stick (add to inventory)
        drink water - DEATH slow and painful
        offshoot to the right - room w/ first encounter
        move backward to previous room.

    ROOM 3
    initial description: it's dark you hear growling
    initial options:
        turn back
        light torch - new description of room
        yell loudly - death, horrible and slow
        walk blindly forward - death, horrible and slow
    second description: theres a wolf chewing on an old corpse
        options:
        turn back
        try to pet it - death
        scream at it - it approches you if you have torch you can fight it off
        throw torch at it - now you don't have a torch dummy you die

        sneak past it - it doens't mind you becuase it already has a meal.  - leads to next room

        fight it with torch - you get bit (decrease health) but succesfully scare it off - allows you to examine corpse. find bullets
    #Figure out way to use items in inventory
    ROOM 4:
        initial description:
            dead dude in cornet with lab coat.
            suspicious pile of leaves in front of you.

        options:
            go back -
            examine corpse - you stroll past leaves get caught and diein bear trap.
            jump over leaves - second options
            examine leaves - reveals bear trap - second options
            kick the leaves - death
        second options:
            go back - (didn't revel bear trap you forget to jump over leaves again, and you die)
            examine corpse - find code to door, note(object?), and guns.
        new options -
            go back - didn't reveal bear trap you forget to jump over leaves again, and you die)
            check gun -
            examine corpse again -
            take dudes arm -
    ROOM 3:
        if snuck past wolf:
            description:
            options:
            point your gun at it - you have no bullets dummy, it eats you

            throw the guys arm past the wolf - wolf takes the bait and you get away!

            fight it with torch - you get bit (decrease health) but succesfully scare it off - allows you to examine corpse. find bullets
        if fought wolf first time:
            room is empty, some wolf droppings

    ROOM 2:
        if fought wolf first time:
            wolf is by the waterfall nursing his wounds he hasn't noticed you yet
        1st options:
            go back -
            shoot the wolf - checks object for bullet attribute
                death or wolf dies depending on bullet count
            throw the dudes arm - peaceful resuloution

            try to sneak past wolf - it's a wolf and you stink. it notices you - trigger second options

        if snuck past wolf and fought it second time:
            1st options and description
        if snuck past wolf and used the arm:
            waterfall description options:
                go back -
                drink water -
                examine corpse -
                examine waterfall -
                    waterfall door options

    waterfall door:
        description
        keypad - 3 attempts to enter the right code or it'll shock you to death

        correct code opens boss encounter

    BOSS ROOM:
        Theres a fucking bear!
        and bodies.

        bullet and full health:
            shoot bear in the eye you're lucky- room options

        bullet and half health
            shoot bear in the eye you're lucky- room options

        no bullet and half health:
            death

        no bullet and full healthL
            attempt to fight it with torch - you die
            look around - second options and bear notices you
            go back - bear notices you and ready to fight next time

            second options:
                theres a cage - you enter cage and close it third options
                theres a body - you check body, find knife.
                kill bear, but die from wounds before rescuers get you
                theres a chair leg - pick up chair leg preaper to fight, you die
            cage options:
                you see the body has appears to be a workign cell phone next to you.
                bear vigoursly attacks cage.
                try to grab phone - it eats your arm
                fend off bear with torch - it doens't like fire buys you time to grab phone
                curl up in fetal position and cry- not dignified but the bear gets bored and leaves.

        End sequence -
            rescued
            died from wounds
            rescued in the fetal position which is embarrassing


        Death sequences -
