location: MATTHEWS MANSION
time: night
look:
  !ITEM_BIBLE:
    You're standing in front of a huge mansion. The gates creak open as you walk
    towards them. You carefully step through, trying not to make a sound. But as
    soon as you're inside, the gates slam behind you! You run back to find them
    locked! You turn around as the front door of the mansion swings open. A lady
    steps out and the door closes behind her. With a flick of her wrist, you are
    flung down to the foot of the staircase!
    "Welcome to my new home," she says, "I hope you like it here, because it's the
    last place you will ever see!"
    GAME OVER
  ITEM_BIBLE:
    You duck behind a car as the vampire flies by. Did she see you? You wait a
    few minutes, then step out. The gate is wide open, so you sneak in. She left
    the front door open, so you step inside. The room is pitch dark, but you turn
    on a light switch. What the...?! Is that a coffin?! Thinking about all you
    have heard, you know what you have to do. You take a deep breath, look around
    one last time, and lift the top of the coffin. It's empty, so you throw the
    Bible inside it and close the lid.
    "What are you doing?! Get away from there!" The vampire shouts, charging into
    the room. She throws you against a wall, opens the coffin, and falls over
    backwards! Gasping for air, she pulls herself off the ground. "You...! Take
    it out! Take it out NOW!"
    You try to run, but find you can't move. "Take it out or I'll... what... is...
    happening...?!" Suddenly you find you can move again - she can't! Through the
    window in the front door, you can see a single ray of light peeking out from
    behind her front gate, touching her forehead. You run to the windows, ripping
    off the curtains.
    "No, stop!" she yells, "NOOOOOOOO!!!!!!"
    As the sun rises, the room is flooded with brilliant orange light. The vampire
    screams, then dissolves into a heap of ash. Catching your breath, you realize
    your adventure has finally ended. This evil creature's days of hunting the
    innocent are over. Not exactly a happy ending, but you survived...
    "You did it!" You hear someone say, "you destroyed her! We're free!"
    You watch as two people step out from another room. "She was keeping us here,
    keeping us alive just so she could keep drinking..." said a man, holding back
    tears. "Thank you! God bless you! I've got to get back to my wife!"
    "And my son!" said a lady, "he probably thinks I left him! Oh thank you so
    much! Come on, let's all go home!"
    THE END
exits: None
talk: None
grab: None