location: Vampire attack during traveling
time: night
NO_ITEM: 
  Smoke swirls around you, blotting out the starry sky. You hear her laugh, and
  see her bright yellow eyes stare at you. Instantly she's at your throat, and
  everything goes black...
  GAME OVER
ITEM_STAKE:
  The vampire grabs you by the throat! You use your wooden stake to try to fend
  her off! It snaps like a twig against her chest, and she laughs.
  "Should have listened to the old man," she says, finishing you off...
  GAME OVER
ITEM_BULLETS:
  Someone knocks you to the ground! You jump to your feet and face her. A tall,
  dark-haired woman in a black robe hovers off the ground in front of you. She
  smiles, and you see this lady has razor-sharp fangs! You draw your gun and
  fire! A direct hit!
  "Seriously?" she laughs, "do I look like a werewolf?" You now realize your
  mistake, but it's too late...
  GAME OVER
ITEM_GARLIC:
  You turn the corner and find yourself standing face-to-face with the vampire!
  She smiles, showing her long white fangs. You bite the garlic, chew, and spit
  it in her face!
  "That's disgusting," she says, wiping the junk off her cheek. "And I'm done
  playing!" As she says this, her feet lift off the ground. You run as fast as
  you can, but it's not fast enough! She grabs you, and everything goes black...
  GAME OVER
ITEM_CRUCIFIX:
  You walk down the quiet road, turning around every few minutes. The sounds
  here make you feel like someone's there watching you. You grab the crucifix,
  just in case. Whoa! Oh, just a cat. It's not her. You laugh at how paranoid
  this vampire hunt has made you. Is it even real?
  Then you get your answer! Bats surround you! You swat them away, and someone
  grabs you from behind! You try to break free, holding up the crucifix like in
  the movies. "That's just a symbol," she smiles, her hot breath on your neck,
  "And He isn't there anymore..."
  GAME OVER
ITEM_BIBLE:
  Suddenly, the vampire strikes! You fall on your back! In a moment she's
  standing over you, grabbing your neck! You pull the Bible out of your pocket,
  and she jumps back!
  "The Living Word!" she screams, vanishing in a puff of smoke. You get up and
  look around. She's gone.

