id: fifi-apartment
look:
  You recognize the familiar entrance to Fifi's person's apartment building
  on this street.
go:
  inside: >
    Stepping into the apartment, you're immediately enveloped by its warmth
    and familiarity. The walls are adorned with pictures of various dogs,
    including several of Fifi in her more playful moments. A cozy couch sits
    in the living area with a few dog toys scattered around. There's a faint
    scent of a recently cooked meal from the kitchen, making the place feel
    even more like home.
    if !i_fifi: >
      You return to the apartment alone, your heart heavy. The owner's face
      falls as you explain the situation. 'I can't believe Fifi's gone...'
      they say, visibly upset. The disappointment in their eyes makes you
      realize the gravity of your failure.
    if i_fifi and i_drycleaning and i_flowers: >
      Arriving back at the apartment, Fifi's owner greets you both with a
      warm smile. Seeing the dry cleaning and flowers, they express their
      heartfelt gratitude. 'I couldn't have asked for more. Thank you!' they
      say. Fifi, excitedly wagging her tail, gives you a loving lick,
      seemingly thanking you for the day's adventure.
    if: i_fifi and i_ticket and i_flowers: >
      You return with Fifi and a beautiful bouquet of flowers. Fifi's owner
      is delighted to see their pet and the flowers but notices the dry
      cleaning ticket in your hand. 'Oh, I see. Well, at least you did half
      the errands' they say with a slight frown. Fifi gently licks your hand,
      her way of saying goodbye.
    if i_fifi and i_ticket and !i_flowers: >
      You step into the apartment with Fifi, presenting the dry cleaning
      ticket. Fifi's owner looks at you, clearly upset. 'Did you even try to
      run my errands? Did you even walk Fifi at all?' they exclaim, visibly
      frustrated. Despite the tension, Fifi gives you a gentle lick, showing
      her gratitude for the time spent together.
    if i_fifi and !i_ticket and !i_flowers: >
      You and Fifi enter the apartment, greeted by a relieved but visibly
      disappointed owner. 'I'm just glad Fifi's safe,' they say, while
      clearly hoping for more. Fifi wags her tail and licks your face,
      grateful for the journey you shared.
